Dean, I remember you seem to have a student
He is the chief executive of Tiancheng
Is it oh yes
How could I have forgotten him?
Quickly call up my address book
Call him now
Ok what
I had a big earthquake
Yeah, 17 minutes ago.
The seismometer issues an alarm in 15 minutes
There was an earthquake 17 minutes ago
Exactly 2 minutes time difference
Can this seismometer really predict earthquakes?
How is that possible?
How can this crap predict earthquakes?
That's simply not possible.
Will there be an earthquake in the Tiancheng team?
What do you do?
Is it really going to happen?
The Chief Executive has seven minutes left before the earthquake
Is it too late for us to evacuate now?
Tianfeng
You just happened to be hit by an earthquake
How dare you give birth to the mysterious chief executive
Chief Executive, we have more than 500,000 people in Tiancheng
If he picks up the bottle and evacuates with one word
How much would that cost?
Don't worry, Chief Executive
There will never be an earthquake in our Tiancheng
Ah, why did the teacher call me?
Teacher, why did you call me?
I got the message.
A massive earthquake is possible in Libra
Hurry up and say 300 surnames
true or false?
Am I kidding you?
Hey, in addition
Qin Feng is the chief engineer of our Academy of Sciences
Make sure he's safe
Yes
Police, you are me. It doesn't matter who I am
Get everyone out of here
That's right.
Evacuate everyone to a place like the Libra Mine
Open place to go
Hurry up
Cancel the exchange fee immediately
You are responsible for evacuating people to Tiancheng Square
Not a breakup
Do you really believe there will be an earthquake?
This is an order.
Activate emergency plans immediately
Evacuate people on the spot
Yes
If there is a real earthquake in Luo Theater
Don't do it